_drafts/2018-09-01-2018-09-01-template-md.md, before:

---
layout: post
published: false
title: 2018-09-01-Denise Sykes.md
subtitle: Genealogy Record Card
date: '2018-09-01'
tags:
  - Oyston
  - Sykes
  - Record Card
---
## Denise Sykes


First Name: Denise

Family Name :  Sykes            

Gender: M - [ ]  F - [X ]

Date of Birth: 11 January 1962
Date of Baptism:
Date of Death: 
Date of Marriage 1 18 March 1989 - Peter John Oyston

Ended By:	Death - [ ]
            Divorce - [ ]  
							
Date of Marriage 2
Ended By:	Death - [ ]
            Divorce - [ ]  
												
Date of Marriage 3
Ended By:	Death - [ ]
            Divorce - [ ]  


Marriage 1 	Place Bradford Registry Office						
Witnessed By:
1  Judith V Elenor 2 Graham Pearson
												 	  
Marriage 2	Place						Witnessed By:  
1
												 	   2
Marriage 3	Place						Witnessed By:  
1
												 	   2

**Census Entries**

1841 1851 1861 1871 1881 1891 1901 1911 1939

**Children**

Number of children 1

Names of Children and Gender

Bethany Ruth Oyston Female

Religion: CofE URC Christian

**Education:**

School 1 St John The Baptist JI&N Penistone Jan 1967- July 1973
School 2 Penistone Grammar School Comprehensive Sept 1973 - July 1980
School 3
Other

University

Hull 1980-1983
Huddersfield 2007-2008

Qualifications

BA Hons Politics
PGCE

**Work History**

Trainee Accountant, Insurance Clerk, Self-employed Bookkeeper, Over 16 Teacher

**Health History**

Diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis in 1991.

**Criminal Records**

None

**Migration Records**

None

**Hobbies**

Reading and Family History

**Holidays**

USA 2005
Germany mainly Dresden 2014 on.

**Personal Events**

Penistone School Quiz against Almondbury Grammar
Rag Week
Penistone sunday School Queen

**External Events**
Falkland's War
Miners' Strike
Bradford Fire
Hillsborough
Berlin Wall
Millennium
911
7/7

Commit message:

Update to Denise Oyston added ancestry link

_drafts/2018-09-01-2018-09-01-template-md.md, after:

---
layout: post
published: false
title: 2018-09-01-Denise Sykes.md
subtitle: Genealogy Record Card
date: '2018-09-01'
tags:
  - Oyston
  - Sykes
  - Record Card
---
## Denise Sykes

[Ancestry Record](https://www.ancestry.co.uk/family-tree/person/tree/4343612/person/-1618599072/facts)

First Name: Denise

Family Name :  Sykes            

Gender: M - [ ]  F - [X ]

Date of Birth: 11 January 1962
Date of Baptism:
Date of Death: 
Date of Marriage 1 18 March 1989 - Peter John Oyston

Ended By:	Death - [ ]
            Divorce - [ ]  
							
Date of Marriage 2
Ended By:	Death - [ ]
            Divorce - [ ]  
												
Date of Marriage 3
Ended By:	Death - [ ]
            Divorce - [ ]  


Marriage 1 	Place Bradford Registry Office						
Witnessed By:
1  Judith V Elenor 2 Graham Pearson
												 	  
Marriage 2	Place						Witnessed By:  
1
												 	   2
Marriage 3	Place						Witnessed By:  
1
												 	   2

**Census Entries**

1841 1851 1861 1871 1881 1891 1901 1911 1939

**Children**

Number of children 1

Names of Children and Gender

Bethany Ruth Oyston Female

Religion: CofE URC Christian

**Education:**

School 1 St John The Baptist JI&N Penistone Jan 1967- July 1973
School 2 Penistone Grammar School Comprehensive Sept 1973 - July 1980
School 3
Other

University

Hull 1980-1983
deniseHuddersfield 2007-2008

Qualifications

BA Hons Politics
PGCE

**Work History**

Denise worked at Bradford Council as a Trainee Accountant. Was employed by Refuge Assurance as an Insurance Clerk before becoming a Self-employed Bookkeeper.  She returned to work in 2008 as an Over 16 Teacher

**Health History**

Diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis in 1991, which severly damaged her ability to work.

**Criminal Records**

None

**Migration Records**

None

**Hobbies**

Reading and Family History

**Holidays**

USA 2005
Germany mainly Dresden, self catering in Altes Waschhaus from 2014 on.

**Personal Events**

Penistone School Quiz against Almondbury Grammar
Rag Week
Penistone sunday School Queen

**External Events**
Falkland's War
Miners' Strike
Bradford Fire
Hillsborough
Berlin Wall
Millennium
911
7/7
